docs: add rate limiting guide (#7659)
cortexproject/cortex: docs/guides/rate-limiting.md

- A common starting point is `ingestion_burst_size = 2 * ingestion_rate`, then increase if you see rate-limit errors during normal operation.

## Native histogram ingestion limit

Native histogram samples are gated by a **separate** token-bucket limiter that runs *after* the main ingestion limiter. If a request passes the main limiter but fails the native-histogram limiter, only the histogram samples are dropped; float samples, exemplars and metadata are still ingested.

| YAML | CLI flag | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `native_histogram_ingestion_rate` | `-distributor.native-histogram-ingestion-rate-limit` | `Inf` (disabled) | Per-tenant native histogram ingestion rate, samples/sec. |
| `native_histogram_ingestion_burst_size` | `-distributor.native-histogram-ingestion-burst-size` | `0` | Per-tenant native histogram bucket capacity. |

The same `ingestion_rate_strategy` value is also used by this limiter, with the same local-vs-global semantics. Dropped histogram samples are counted under `cortex_discarded_samples_total{reason="native_histogram_rate_limited"}`.

> If you do not ingest native histograms you can leave both values at their defaults — the limiter is effectively disabled.

Reviewer: If both values are the default, the NH ingestion works as unlimited.
The `native_histogram_ingestion_rate` defaults to rate.Inf, which always allows the limiter and ignores the zero burst.
See https://github.com/cortexproject/cortex/pull/7662, I added a TC for this situation.

Reviewer: wdyt?
```suggestion
If both values are left at their defaults, native histogram ingestion works as unlimited.
`native_histogram_ingestion_rate` defaults to `rate.Inf`, which always allows the limiter and causes the zero burst to be ignored.
```
